Welcome C programmers.  This group exists to provide a knowledgeable and
nurturing environment to anyone wanting to learn or improve their proficiency
in using the C programming language.

Please follow our group's rules.  Users who repeatedly violate these rules
may be banned from the group without further warning.

1. No spam or ads:

Do not post spam or ads of any kind or links to other groups on or off
Facebook.  This includes sharing a post you found in another group or on a
page.  Do not post or include in a comment invitations to join another group
on or off Facebook, except that you may direct users to our C Programming
group on Messenger.  Do not ask users to subscribe to a YouTube channel. 
This group does not exist to help you advertise your business or increase a
YouTube channel's ratings.  Do not include a job offer in a post or a
comment.  Plenty of groups exist on Facebook to handle that.

The only exception to this rule is that you may post or comment about a book
that is intended to help people learn or improve their proficiency in using
the C programming language.

All posts and comments must pertain to C.  If your post or comment has
nothing to do with C it will not be approved.  And that means C, not C++, C#,
HTML, Python, Ruby, Java, Javascript, or whatever else.

You may, on a limited basis, discuss the differences between C and other
programming languages.  You may include one or more links to a website in
your post or comment as long as it pertains to C and the content is in the
English language.

2. Facebook has rules too:

Do not post or include in a comment anything that violates Facebook's rules. 
Do not post or request that someone give you a copyrighted work since openly
doing this can get the group into trouble with Facebook.  DO NOT post or
include in a comment any kind of nudity or pornographic content.  Yes, people
have actually tried to post porn videos.  This violates Facebook's rules
about nudity.  Anyone who does this will be immediately banned from the
group.

No hate speech or bullying will be tolerated.  We want all of our users to
feel welcome.  Degrading posts or comments about things like race, color,
national origin, ethnicity, religion, culture, political beliefs, sexual
orientation, gender, or gender identity are strictly forbidden.

We require that all of our users show proper respect for one another.  Users
are not allowed to stoop to name calling or posting or commenting with
defamatory content.  Healthy debates are allowed, but insulting or degrading
others is not.  Use of profane or obscene language is not permitted.

3. Use English:

Since this group is used by people all over the world all posts and comments
must be made in the English language including anything that a link points
to.  Translation software is often freely available to anyone needing help
translating their content into English.

Including a link in a post or a comment that points to content that has very
poor use of the English language or includes audio that includes speech that
uses a heavy accent that makes it difficult to understand is not allowed and
will be rejected.

4. No personal details:

Do not write a post or a comment that includes personal details like a phone
number or an email address, whether it belongs to you or someone else.  If
you wish, you may list such information on your profile page and direct users
to that.

5. Use a pasting service:

Users are allowed to include up to eight (8) lines of code as text in a post
or a comment including pseudocode.  A line is a line of text as rendered by
Facebook when printed to the user's screen when using a mobile device capable
of displaying at least eighty columns per line when used in portrait mode.  A
line may include multiple code statements.  Using an opening or closing curly
brace on a line by itself counts as a line of code.

Anyone using more than eight lines of code listed as text must use a pasting
service.  A list of services is included below.  You may use any pasting
service that performs this function, provided the reader is not required to
create an account or log in to access the content, even if the service is not
included in this list.

Make sure that everyone has read access to the content that your link points
to when you use a pasting service.  Management must be able to review the
content.  If they can not do so, your post or comment will be rejected.

6. Do your own homework:

This is not a homework club.  You are expected to do your own homework.  You
may seek advice if you are struggling.  Your post must show the effort that
you have made thus far.  Do not ask for information that is easily found by
using a search engine.  Do not ask users to write your program for you.  It
is permissible to ask for help with a particular concept or idea, but you
must not request that another user do your homework for you.

Linux man pages are available online.  Write "man function_name" (without the
quotes) into your web browser's URL box and select the desired option.  If
you need help with this, such as identifying the name of the desired function
then ask.  We are here to help you learn.  We are not here to do everything
for you.

7. We don't play "guess the output":

Do not post code and then ask users to guess the output.  If you want to know
what a program does, compile it and run it yourself.  If it will not compile
then post the compiler's output and ask for help.  Do not post a long list of
compiler errors.  If your compiler produces more than eight (8) lines of
output when displaying error messages, copy them into a text file and use a
pasting service.

8. Read the group's FAQs:

Do not post something like, "Hi, I'm new here and I want to learn how to use
C.  Can someone help me?"  Also, please refrain from posting something like,
"Can anyone recommend a good book that will teach me how to use C?"  Or, "Can
anyone recommend a good C compiler or IDE?"  Please visit our group's GitHub
site and read the lists of frequently asked questions (FAQs) at
https://github.com/CProgrammingFBGroup/CProgrammingNotes/blob/master/FAQ.md
and http://c-faq.com/questions.html.  Do not post something like, "Can I ask
a question?"  Post your actual question.

9. Comments must be relevant to the post:

Do not write a comment about something unrelated to the post that you add it
to.  Write your own post.  Do not attempt to get around the post approval
process by writing your post as an unrelated comment made to someone else's
post.  Pending posts are usually approved or rejected in less than a day.  If
more than twenty four hours have passed since you submitted your post and you
still can't find it listed with the others then your post was probably
rejected.

10. Don't hide from management:

Do not block members of this group's management on Facebook to hide your
posts or comments from them.

11. No YouTube videos:

Do not include links to a YouTube video in a post or a comment.  Videos in
YouTube often show a video of someone typing in source code which can be read
just as easily from a text file.  This group does not exist to help raise the
ratings on someone's YouTube channel.  Plenty of other resources exist that
don't require watching a YouTube video.

Our group's GitHub site can be found at:
https://github.com/CProgrammingFBGroup/CProgrammingNotes

This is a list of free pasting services:

http://codepad.org
https://codeshare.io
https://drive.google.com
https://github.com
https://ideone.com
https://pastebin.com

Written on Wednesday June 6, 2018 at 6:27 PM UTC.
